docs/content/0.index.md, before:

---
title: Nuxt typed router
description: Provide a type safe router to Nuxt with auto-generated typed definitions for route names and autocompletion for route params
navigation: false
layout: page
---

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get Started
  - /guide
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/victorgarciaesgi/nuxt-typed-router
snippet: npm install nuxt-typed-router
---

#title
Nuxt typed router

#description
Provide a type safe router to Nuxt with auto-generated typed definitions for route names and autocompletion for route params


#extra
  ::list
  - `NuxtLink` route autocomplete and params type-check 
  - `useRouter` ,`useRoute` and `navigateTo` route autocomplete and params type-check
  - Supports optional params and catchAll routes
  - Out of the box `i18n` support
  - Supports routes extended by config and modules
  ::
  :button-link[Play on StackBlitz]{icon="IconStackBlitz" href="https://stackblitz.com/edit/github-7e4xvw?file=store/testRouter.ts" blank color="secondary"}
::

:ellipsis{top=500px}


<p align='center'>
 <img style='max-width: 100%;' src="https://github.com/victorgarciaesgi/nuxt-typed-router/blob/master/.github/images/nuxt-router.gif?raw=true"/>
</p>

<br/>
<br/>

::card-grid
#title
Features
#root
:ellipsis
#default
  ::card{icon="logos:typescript-icon"}
  #title
  Type safety
  #description
  Throws errors when params don't match route name
  ::

  ::card{icon="noto:fire"}
  #title
  0 config
  #description
  Just plug the module and watch the magic!
  Supports `autoImport: false`
  ::

  ::card{icon="noto:globe-with-meridians"}
  #title
  I18n support
  #description
  Out of the box support for prefixed i18n routes
  ::
  

  ::card{icon="noto:eyes"}
  #title
  Attentive
  #description
  Watch changes in your router structure to automatically reload your types
  ::
::

Commit message:

v3.0.0 (#74)
* quel bordel

* fixed implementation

* route pathElements done

* Base proto working for router.push

* NuxtLink type props POC working

* WIP tests, paths working, sort paths, query params and stuff

* added hash support, begun fixing tests

* finished i18n complex module

* fix types

* Added router types

* test fix flacky test

* updated version and complex tests

* added tests, fixed behaviours

* Fixed types and definePageMeta

* Fixed definePageMeta and tests

* updated deps

* fix tests

* Updated tests and fix flacky tests

* updated package json

* Fixed definePageMeta types

* Added support for i18n "prefix_and_default"

* Support for only autocompling default routes on localePath

* Updated tests and gif

* Updated docs

docs/content/0.index.md, after:

---
title: Nuxt typed router
description: Provide a type safe router to Nuxt with auto-generated typed definitions for route paths, names and params
navigation: false
layout: page
---

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get Started
  - /guide
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/victorgarciaesgi/nuxt-typed-router
snippet: npm install nuxt-typed-router
---

#title
Nuxt typed router

#description
Provide a type safe router to Nuxt with auto-generated typed definitions for route paths, names and params


#extra
  ::list
  - Autocompletes and typecheck routes paths, names and params
  - Supports all programmatic navigation utils (`NuxtLink`, `useRouter`, `navigateTo`, `useRoute`, `useLocalePath`, etc...)
  - Supports optional params and catchAll routes
  - Throw error if route path is invalid
  - Out of the box `i18n` support
  - Supports routes extended by config and modules

  ::
  :button-link[Play on StackBlitz]{icon="IconStackBlitz" href="https://stackblitz.com/edit/github-7e4xvw?file=store/testRouter.ts" blank color="secondary"}
::

:ellipsis{top=500px}


<p align='center'>
 <img style='max-width: 100%;' src="https://github.com/victorgarciaesgi/nuxt-typed-router/blob/master/.github/images/nuxt-typed-router.gif?raw=true"/>
</p>

<br/>
<br/>

::card-grid
#title
Features
#root
:ellipsis
#default
  ::card{icon="logos:typescript-icon"}
  #title
  Type safety
  #description
  Throws errors when route path/name/params doesn't match any page
  ::

  ::card{icon="noto:fire"}
  #title
  0 config
  #description
  Just plug the module and watch the magic!
  Supports `autoImport: false`
  ::

  ::card{icon="noto:globe-with-meridians"}
  #title
  I18n support
  #description
  Out of the box support for prefixed i18n routes
  ::
  

  ::card{icon="noto:eyes"}
  #title
  Attentive
  #description
  Watch changes in your router structure to automatically reload your types
  ::
::
